--=Rpg Simulation=--

--Overview--
Side scrolling terrain with small 8 bit characters
Game date will always advance in real time 
Time may move faster depending on the current game state
The difficulty of the game should build as long as possible with procedurally generated crafting recipes, monsters, bosses etc

--Locations--
Outdoor and indoor environments
World is generated randomly at the start of the game. 
Game world is broken up into rings of the eight directions with columns and rows of locations. The locations get much more difficult as you go to the outer rows. The difficulty of areas within a row will also vary.
Locations will have cartesian coordinates and we can come up with a system to calculate distances
Graphical view of map players can see the world, zoom in and out, and see their parties current location

--Quests--
Quests are randomly generated and given to you by the king / whoever you are working for
Quests will pass through different areas of the world and have different objectives with different monsters encountered and different rewards
There will be multiple quests to choose from.
Time limit on quests
If a quest is not competed by the due date it is no longer available

--Characters--
Characters can die in combat and need to be replaced
Different character classes
Party of four
More than four classes
Each class had different skills to level up
Player has to choose how to mix and match to make the best party
Different races
Characters age
Characters in party with more experienced members of the same class will level up faster (teaching them tricks)
Characters will die of old age or be unable to continue

--Battles--
Player has to interact with battles just by pressing buttons
Some choices to make might be what formation to use, what skills to use for every character etc

--Crafting--
Crafting system will use items dropped by monsters to create weapons etc
Stopping to camp allows you to craft but wastes time
Should require a mini game
When defeated, monsters drop items to use for crafting

--Items--
Items can have huge stats epic etc

--Tech--
Use different scenes as overlays for when tab changes
Keep simulation items separate from display items
Terrain can be made of small repeatable mixable patches of graphics
Could have parallax or a background and foreground layer

--To Do--
Need better way to decide when monsters appear?
How long does it take to travel from one area to another?
How long do you have to travel within an area before you arrive at the quest?
Do all quests come from the king or from other sources?
Where to go to get rewards once quests have been completed?
What about if people have been killed?
How is the time limit on the quests calculated?
How will player learn new crafting recipe?
Need ideas for how player interacts with game especially in battles
Some kind of mini games to perform skills? Or just press buttons to make choices? Mini game during adventures could be very cool
Side effect of skills if not performed correctly
Press buttons to perform skills in combat / actions
Quest difficulty will be represented by the % chance that you will get killed
Travel time can be decreased if you get certain items (cars)

--Future Version--
The quests that are not completed might also affect story
Tells a story over hundreds of years with many Heros and the player can look at a book of history that writes about what the characters have accomplished (major story events)
Is about building the history of a nation through the actions of a few brave adventurers
Maybe technology will advance or new techniques will be learned
Could have dialogue interacting with different  choices
Could have an overarching story sweep that develops through the random quests.
Or multiple story sweeps that just keep going as long as the player keeps playing
Could have alignment outcomes based on performing quests
Can only have some quests available if your alignment is matching
