https://github.com/kasmeltz/KS.HotelGame.git

Hotel Owner	

Gameplay Elements

Exploration 
	Explore cities and neighbourhoods to find a good place to put your hotel
	Find land for sale
	Start in a seedy part of town
	
Character dialogues 
	Talk to customers and prospective and current employees	
	Every face is different
		Use separate parts	
			Head 
				Shape
				Color
			Hair
				Shape
				Color
			Eyes
				Shape
				Color
			Eyebrows
				Shape
				Color
			Nose
				Shape
			Ears
				Shape
			Mouth
				Shape
				Color			
	
Real time action
	Exploring cities and possibly other gameplay
	
Story
	Over arching story is that you are creating a hotel empire but story evolves through characters	
	Multi level marketing?
	Other coincidental stories
	Insider trading?
	
Strategy
	Managing hotel operations 
	Dealing with employees
	Marketing
		Online social media	
		Hotel search engines
		Online travel agencies
	
Character building
	Your character has skills that develop over time based on your actions
	
Crafting
	For cooking

Building 
	Add extra floors 
	Build restaurant
	Build new hotels
	
Resources 
	Money
		Bank loan 
		Earn money from clients
	Some other types of resources?
		As you make people happy
	
Economy 
	Income 
	Expenses
	Loan interest 
	New hotel services
	Restaurant income
	
Trading
	Can invest in stock market - is a side / mini gameplay		
		Company names will be randomized 
		Each company will have a type
			Tech
			Industrial
			Commercial
			Financial			
			
		Each stock will have randomized propensities
		Specific story events can affect stocks individually or globally
	
Research 
	New hotel technologies? :-)
	
Upgrading
	Upgrade furniture 
	Upgrade services infrastructure
	
Illegal Activities?
	Can choose to sell illegal items? Prostituion? Drugs?
	


Story board

The time and date is January 2nd, current year, 7:55 A.M.(the game always starts in the current year)

Game starts with the 2d version of the player outside the bank. 

The story overlay pops up to tell them that they have always dreamed of starting a hotel, that today is an exciting day, and that they have an appointment at 8:00 A.M. with a bank to secure a loan that will allow them to start their business!

The player can enter the bank or can start to wander around the city if they want.

When the player enters the bank they have the option to leave the bank or talk with the secretary.

If the player is male then the secretary is female and vice versa.

When the player talks with the secretary if it is before 8:00 A.M. the secretary basically tells them that the banker isn't ready yet.

The player can try and hit on the secrtary. 

How the player talks with the secratry affects certain stats and how the conversation goes with the banker.

After 8:00 A.M. but before 8:15 A.M. there is some random chance that the banker will be ready for the player every time they talk with the secretary.

After 8:15 A.M. but before 8:30 A.M. the banker is always ready for the player and the player starts the conversation with the banker.

After 8:30 A.M. the secretary notifies the player that their appointment has been cancelled because they were too late. The player can not get money from the bank and must try and start a hotel some other way.

There is always the option to sell drugs or to play the stock market.

Drugs and stock market are the same principal except one is legal and the other illegal.

If the player sells drugs they can get arrested.

If the player starts the conversation with the banker then the player will be given a loan with a value and terms that vary depending on how they answered the questions.

The results of the banker conversation will also affect starting skills and stats.